extensions-android/README.md, before:

# Introduction

Source code to accompany the Crosswalk Android extensions tutorial:

*   `xwalk-echo-extension-src/`

    Source for the xwalk-echo-extension Crosswalk extension for Android.

*   `xwalk-echo-app/`

    Simple HTML5 app which uses xwalk-echo-extension.

# Pre-requisites

What you need first:

*   You'll need to set up your host for Crosswalk Android development
*   You'll need an Android device (real or emulated) to deploy to

See https://crosswalk-project.org/#documentation/getting_started
for details, particularly the host and target setup instructions.

# Building

The build is in three steps:

*   Download Ivy (NB this is done manually so that Ivy doesn't have to
be included in the distribution).
*   Build the extension. This step includes downloading Crosswalk for
Android.
*   Package the application with the extension.

The `build.sh` file will perform these steps for you. It needs to be
executable, e.g. on Linux:

    chmod +x build.sh

Then run it with:

    ./build.sh

The locations of the output apk files are displayed when the script
finishes.

Once done, deploy an apk to the Android target with:

    adb install /path/to/apk/file

Make sure you use the right apk file for your architecture (x86 or ARM).

Commit message:

Modify the version number and add precondition for build.
If the app-versionCode was not specified in command line, the format for
version num is "ab.cd.efg", so update the version number.
Add the precondition that user can get the related crosswalk library.

BUG=XWALK-4620

extensions-android/README.md, after:

# Introduction

Source code to accompany the Crosswalk Android extensions tutorial:

*   `xwalk-echo-extension-src/`

    Source for the xwalk-echo-extension Crosswalk extension for Android.

*   `xwalk-echo-app/`

    Simple HTML5 app which uses xwalk-echo-extension.

# Pre-requisites

What you need first:

*   You'll need to set up your host for Crosswalk Android development
*   You'll need an Android device (real or emulated) to deploy to

See https://crosswalk-project.org/#documentation/getting_started
for details, particularly the host and target setup instructions.

# Building

The build is in three steps:

*   Download Ivy (NB this is done manually so that Ivy doesn't have to
be included in the distribution).
*   Build the extension. This step includes downloading Crosswalk for
Android.
*   Package the application with the extension.

Pre-condition:

  Update crosswalk version in `xwalk-echo-extension-src/build.xml` before run `build.sh`.<br />
  e.g. change stable 8.37.189.14 to canary 15.44.375.0

0. change `<property name="crosswalk-version" value="8.37.189.14" />` to `<property name="crosswalk-version" value="15.44.375.0" />`
0. change `<get src="https://download.01.org/crosswalk/releases/crosswalk/android/stable/${crosswalk-version}/crosswalk-${crosswalk-version}.zip" dest="${crosswalk-zip}" />`
   to `<get src="https://download.01.org/crosswalk/releases/crosswalk/android/canary/${crosswalk-version}/crosswalk-${crosswalk-version}.zip" dest="${crosswalk-zip}" />`

The `build.sh` file will perform these steps for you. It needs to be
executable, e.g. on Linux:

    chmod +x build.sh

Then run it with:

    ./build.sh

The locations of the output apk files are displayed when the script
finishes.

Once done, deploy an apk to the Android target with:

    adb install /path/to/apk/file

Make sure you use the right apk file for your architecture (x86 or ARM).
